c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\NEOOG.dll.config
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\NEOOG.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\NEOOG.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\AjaxMin.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\AntiXssLibrary.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.AuthorMarkAsSolution.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.FavouriteFirstPost.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.Grouch.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.JediMaster.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.MemberForAYear.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.Padawan.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.Photogenic.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.PosterMarkAsSolution.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.PosterVoteUp.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.PostMentionsUmbraco.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.ThousandPoints.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.UserVoteUp.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.YourPostFavourited.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Badge.YourPostFavouritedTenTimes.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Common.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EcmaScript.NET.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\MVCForum.Domain.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\MVCForum.IOC.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\MVCForum.Services.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\MVCForum.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\MVCForum.Website.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Quartz.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Skybrud.Social.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Skybrud.Social.Microsoft.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\SquishIt.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\SquishIt.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Yahoo.Yui.Compressor.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\AntiXssLibrary.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Common.Logging.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Quartz.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Quartz.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Skybrud.Social.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\SquishIt.Framework.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\SquishIt.Framework.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\SquishIt.Mvc.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\obj\Debug\NEOOG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\obj\Debug\NEOOG.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\obj\Debug\NEOOG.pdb
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\NPoco.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\Veteran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NEOOG\NEOOG\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.pdb
